chore: Update .NET compatibility docs to clarify native images aren't supported (#17669)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/net-agent/getting-started/net-agent-compatibility-requirements-net-core.mdx

  </Collapser>
</CollapserGroup>

>  ##Automatic instrumentation [#instrumented-features]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ## Automatic instrumentation [#instrumented-features]
```

* The .NET agent does not support [trim self-contained deployments and executables](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/trim-self-contained), because the compiler can potentially trim assemblies that the agent depends on.
* [Infinite Tracing](/docs/distributed-tracing/infinite-tracing/introduction-infinite-tracing) is not supported on Alpine Linux due to a [GRPC compatibility issue](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/issues/21446). See [this agent issue](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-dotnet-agent/issues/289) for more information.

> * The .NET agent does not support [Native Ahead of Time (AOT) deployment](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/native-aot/?tabs=net8plus%2Cwindows) for .NET applications because just-in-time (JIT) compilation is required for the agent to function properly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The .NET agent doesn't support [Native Ahead of Time (AOT) deployment](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/native-aot/?tabs=net8plus%2Cwindows) for .NET applications because just-in-time (JIT) compilation is required for the agent to function properly. 
```
